Add treeview articles (#602)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/treeview/control-template.md

---
title: Control Template
page_title: .NET MAUI TreeView Documentation - Control Template

> description: Review what is the default control template of the Telerik .NET MAUI TreeView control and all elements we have in the template. 

Reviewer: * Do you mean that there is a non-default Control Template? You don't mention anything about this in the article and you should.
* Instead of writing "all elements", list several of them.
* Don't use "we".

position: 7
slug: treeview-control-template
---

# .NET MAUI TreeView Control Template

> The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeView control has a set of elements inside the `ControlTemplate`. These elements are `CheckBox`, `Image`, `Expand/Collapse` indicator and the `Label`. 

Reviewer: The introductory sentence must provide the following answers, preferably in this order:
1. What is a `ControlTemplate`?
2. What do I use it for?
3. When do I use it?
4. Why don't I use something else?

> The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeView provides a `ControlTemplate` property, which define the  visual appearance of the control. To customize the look, use the default template and modify it. The control has a set of elements inside the `ControlTemplate`. These elements are `CheckBox`, `Image`, `Expand/Collapse` indicator and the `Label`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeView provides a `ControlTemplate` property, which defines the visual appearance of the control. To customize the looks of the TreeView, use the default template and modify it. 

The control has a set of elements inside the `ControlTemplate`. These elements are `CheckBox`, `Image`, `Expand/Collapse` indicator, and `Label`. To customize the appearance of these elements, use the `ControlTemplate`.
```

If you want to fully customize the appearance of these elements you have to use the `ControlTemplate`. 

> Here is an example how to use the `ControlTemplate`. 

Reviewer: Describe in more detail what the example shows. Start the sentence with:
"The following example shows how to do thing1, thing2, thing3 by using the `ControlTemplate`"

> If you want to customize the appearance of these elements you have to use the `ControlTemplate`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The following example shows how to use the `ControlTemplate` and modify the look of the control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to use the `ControlTemplate` and change the appearance of the control. 
```
